Checking markdown files...
en/1_trailing_whitespace.md
  trailing whitespace
en/2_trailing_whitespace_in_yaml.md
  trailing whitespace
en/3_newline_at_eof.md
  no newline at end of file
en/4_lang_variable.md
  missing lang variable
en/5_lang_variable_nil.md
  missing lang variable
en/6_lang_variable_empty.md
  missing lang variable
en/8_lang_variable_wrong.md
  lang variable not matching file location
en/9_multiple_errors.md
  missing lang variable
  trailing whitespace
en/_posts/2000-01-01-old-lang-variable-nil.md
  missing lang variable
en/_posts/2018-01-01-trailing-whitespace.md
  trailing whitespace
en/_posts/2018-01-02-lang-variable-nil.md
  missing lang variable
en/_posts/2018-01-03-author-variable.md
  missing author variable
en/_posts/2018-01-04-author-variable-nil.md
  missing author variable
en/_posts/2018-01-05-author-variable-empty.md
  missing author variable
en/_posts/2018-01-07-translator-variable.md
  missing translator variable
en/_posts/2018-01-09-date-variable.md
  missing date variable
en/_posts/2018-01-10-date-variable-nil.md
  missing date variable
en/_posts/2018-01-11-date-variable-empty.md
  invalid date variable
en/_posts/2018-01-12-date-variable-wrong-type.md
  invalid date variable
en/_posts/2018-01-13-date-variable-without-time.md
  invalid date variable
en/_posts/2018-01-14-date-variable-wrong-offset.md
  wrong time zone offset in YAML front matter (not UTC)
en/_posts/2018-01-15-date-mismatch.md
  date mismatch between filename and YAML front matter (UTC)
